The School of the Air
My name is Belinda Black. I am 13 years old and I come from Mount Elm sheep station in South Australia.
I have got two sisters. Jennifer is 11 and Lisa is 7. We are all pupils at the School of the Air.
The School of the Air is a school for children who live far from the cities and who are in a place which does not have a local school.
So we have air lessons over the radio or on the computer.
Our teachers are at Port Augusta, a city which is about 160 kilometres away.
In the morning we go to our classroom at 8.45. It is really just a small building.
When we get there we turn on the radio or computer and listen to what we should do.
From then until 12 we just do our usual lessons.
In the afternoon our mum makes us do some homework.
Well not homework but more work around the house.
We send our exercise books to our teachers by email on Friday night.
They mark them on Monday and Tuesday and then send them back.
We get them on Wednesday.
The internet and the telephone help us get in touch with our teachers quickly and easily.
We talk to our teachers once a week for about 10 minutes.
They tell us if we are making progress.
Next year I will start at a new school in Port Augusta.
I will spend the weekdays there and come home at weekends.
It will be good to be with teenagers of my age but I will miss my family.
I hope I will be happy there.